Bug fixes. (#1662)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1019-0-0-optimized-network-calls-for-assets-and-asset-models.md

---
date: 2023-12-14
title: Optimized network calls for Assets and Asset models
product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-2c7RdTdXo4
    label: Improvement
component:
  - value: component-Tl88RYb4A
    label: Digital Twin Manager
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-wYIY0MBDO
    label: dtm
ticket: CTM-892
version: 1019.0.0
---

> Optimized network from the Assets property and Asset Model page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optimized calls to the backend from the Assets property and Asset Model page.
```
